Comment 1: 
A pressing question is why we would price Asian options with deep learning in the first place.
The most common pricing method currently for Asian options (that use arithmetic averages) is 
with monte carlo simulations. The issue with this approach is that many iterations are needed,
and the parameter space needs to be updated repeatedly. Once a deep learning model is trained,
it only needs the current parameter values and will return a predicted value quickly, only 
having to reference its own price distribution.   


Comment 2: 
We need a reasonable range for our parameters. As we read more of the literature we will 
hone in on fair ranges, but for now we will take Claude's word on the following: 

Spot Price S - Fixed at 100 (Not necessary to vary it, we care about the relationship between S and K)
Strike Price K - [70,130] (Covering deep ITM, ATM, and deep OTM)
Risk-Free Rate r - [0.01,0.10]
Volatility sigma - [0.05,0.60]
Time to Maturity T - [0.1,2.0] (Years)
Number of Dates to Average n - 12 (monthly), 52 (weekly), and 252 (daily).


Comment 3: 
Now we need to address how we will generate our data. Two viable methods are with uniform sampling
from each parameter range, and Latin hypercube sampling (LHS). LHS is just going to ensure that we more
thoroughly fill the space, as with six dimensions it is not clear how many samples it will take for 
the uniform approach to do the same. There is also the problem of clustered data which uniform sampling 
is prone to.

We will also start by generating 100k sample options, but may increase this number in future iterations.
Due to the relative niceness and simplicity of the problem, we may not need the huge amount of data that 
deep learning is known for.

Comment 4:
The average option price came out to about $11.87, with a standard deviation of $9.56. The minimum price
was $0.00 (worthless), up to $36.88.  


Comment 5: 
We have priced with monte carlo sims (50,000 paths each) and parqueted that price data to save it. 
To prepare our data, we scale our data using z-score normalization so that we don't have to weight 
uneccesarily since our features are all on different scales. Now we can build and train our deep
learning model.


Comment 6: 
We are going to use 5 layers with 256 units each. We have not chosen to sue substantially more layers due 
to the relative simplicity and smoothness of the underlying price surface. We also of course do not want
to overfit. We are using 256 layers each without decreasing because we do not want to bottleneck as is 
common in classification, for instance. Because activation inputs in intermediate layers are liable to 
take on a huge spread of values (can be very small to in the hundreds, for instance) we are using
batch normalization to control that spread. ReLU is going to be used because (give a good justification).
Our loss function will be mean-squared error. It's arguable that this is the best test as we are penalizing
a $1 error on a $5 option the same way as a $1 option on a $30 option, which is obviously not great. But it 
establishes a baseline for us to refer to. Finally, our learning rate is going to be 0.001 as is the norm. 
We are going to have a trigger in case we plateau for too long so as not to overfit or continue running epochs
to no good end.

Comment 7: 
We got a mean average error (MAE) of 25 cents. We believe that the model exited early due to aggressive stopping
protocols and the learning rate caused our loss function to jump around as opposed to converging. 


Comment 8: Relaxing our stopping protocol as well as having a decaying learning rate greatly improved our model's 
accuracy. In the same amount of epochs, we went from the previous MAE to 7 cents. With an average option price of
$12, this comes out to about 0.6% error on average. Note that some of the extra pricing noise can simply come from
the fact that we only used 50k paths in our monte carlo sim. We will want to up this amount by the end, as well as
implement the Heston method as discussed. 

